README.md, before:

## Akroma-BOT v.1.3

### Discord bot for Akroma Official

v.1.4 - deloyed 21.06.2018
- replaced !diff with !netinfo command
- added !epoch command
- added BiteBTC exchange
- updated mining pools list
- introduced RAII for variables
- implemented error handlers and auto reconnect
- bot reply if called in unauthorized channel and direct user to correct channel


v.1.3 - deloyed 08.05.2018
- allows @Core Team, @Moderator and @Bot Developer to call the bot in all channels
- added !roadmap command
- added !members command (called only by @Core-Team)

v.1.2 - delpoyed 07.05.2018
- added !exchange and !pool [POOL] command
- added Akroma Mask in wallets !links
- now !hpow uses average blocktime to calculate rewards
- added ‘Easter Eggs’ in special command options

v.1.1 - deployed 30.04.2018
- added usd price in !hpow and !mnrewards and adds !akausd command
- added Bitcointalk Announcement in !links
- added !about command
- now !mninfo shows also the timestamp of the last rewards
- added !awesome command
- added Install Guide to !mninfo

v.1.0 - deployed 28.04.2018
- initial version

Commit message:

v.1.5 - deloyed 23.08.2018 - added !coininfo command - now epochs are taken into consideration in !hpow and !mnrewards

README.md, after:

## Akroma-BOT v.1.5

### Discord bot for Akroma Official

v.1.5 - deloyed 23.08.2018
- added !coininfo command
- now epochs are taken into consideration in !hpow and !mnrewards

v.1.4 - deloyed 21.06.2018
- replaced !diff with !netinfo command
- added !epoch command
- added BiteBTC exchange
- updated mining pools list
- introduced RAII for variables
- implemented error handlers and auto reconnect
- bot reply if called in unauthorized channel and direct user to correct channel


v.1.3 - deloyed 08.05.2018
- allows @Core Team, @Moderator and @Bot Developer to call the bot in all channels
- added !roadmap command
- added !members command (called only by @Core-Team)

v.1.2 - delpoyed 07.05.2018
- added !exchange and !pool [POOL] command
- added Akroma Mask in wallets !links
- now !hpow uses average blocktime to calculate rewards
- added ‘Easter Eggs’ in special command options

v.1.1 - deployed 30.04.2018
- added usd price in !hpow and !mnrewards and adds !akausd command
- added Bitcointalk Announcement in !links
- added !about command
- now !mninfo shows also the timestamp of the last rewards
- added !awesome command
- added Install Guide to !mninfo

v.1.0 - deployed 28.04.2018
- initial version
